This is what a parent or athlete sees when
they book with you.
They land on your personal page,
yourname.lessonspot.app. No app to download,
no account to create.
Returning families just type their email,
and we pull up their info.
New ones fill out a quick form.
From there, they pick the lesson type,
thirty minutes, an hour,
hitting, pitching, group, whatever you offer at the price
you set.
Then they grab times that actually work.
The calendar only shows the openings you've made available,
and if they're booking for more than one kid,
they can assign each session to the right athlete.
They review everything grouped by name,
confirm, and they're locked in.
After that, customers can look up their bookings,
reschedule, or cancel right from your page.
No more texting back and forth at midnight.
Built-in reminder emails go out five days and two
days before every lesson,
so no one forgets.
This is the experience that wins parents over the
first time they book